{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 CenturyGothic;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green107\blue107;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c49020\c49020\c49020;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c49412\c49412\c49412;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $41.95
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Give identity thieves a run for their money by protecting your cash and credit cards in an RFID blocking leather bi-fold wallet. Big Skinny's best-selling bi-fold design has gotten a tech boost with a built-in RFID blocking liner. Customers told us they wanted greater security and we've delivered with the black leather RFID wallet. Now you can keep your information safe from bad guys without sacrificing style, storage or durability.\
\
The RFID blocking leather bi-fold wallet includes a full-size billfold area and plenty of card pockets. The wallet opens horizontally revealing a clear plastic ID pocket with an oval cut-out to assist in removal when necessary. The wallet's card pockets are lined with non-slip material that keeps cards or cash from falling out. The leather wallet can hold roughly 20 to 25 plastic cards plus a ton of cash. The exterior of the wallet is made with top-grain leather with a rich black stain while the interior boasts ultra-thin and ultra-durable nylon. Matching stitching and rounded corners complete the design. This wallet is part of our hybrid series.\
\
Features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4\'bd" wide x 3
\f2 \uc0\u8540 
\f0 " tall (11.4 cm x 8.5 cm)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4 extra wide card pockets\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2 extra-large hidden pockets\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 ID pocket\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 full size billfold\cb1 \
}