{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 CenturyGothic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green107\blue107;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c49412\c49412\c49412;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c49020\c49020\c49020;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Price:
\b0\fs52 \cf4 \strokec4 $27.95
\b\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\
PLEASE NOTE: this item no longer comes with a plastic key holder.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \cb3 The Leather Hybrid L-Shaped Wallet is what happens when you cross a tri-fold and a bi-fold wallet. It flips open and up to provide additional storage space and options. While you're thinking about that impressive feat, take a moment to admire the super-thin top-grain leather on the outside and ultra-thin nylon microfiber on the inside. The skinny wallet is available in black or brown and includes rounded corners to make it easy to get in and out of pockets. Our wallet aficionados can't get enough of the smooth style and the endless amounts of storage this design offers.\
\
Speaking of storage, this wallet can hold an impressive number of credit cards or enough loyalty cards to account for every store you've ever visited. There are numerous slots, nooks and crannies to accommodate 25 to 30 plastic cards and tons of cash. There's even a pair of hidden storage pockets for things you don't access often or don't want to make easily available. Last, but not least, the thinnest men's wallet on the market also has two clear plastic easy-access ID windows so your handsome mug is twice as visible.\
\
Features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Full-size extra-tall billfold area\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 5 extra-wide credit card pockets\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 extra-wide clear ID/credit card pocket\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 oversized hidden storage pockets\cb1 \
}