{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 CenturyGothic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green107\blue107;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c49020\c49020\c49020;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c49412\c49412\c49412;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $26.95\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 Looking for Teal? Check the sale section!\
\
This is the pencil skirt or pin-striped suit of our wallets\'85that impeccably tailored, polished look. This checkbook wallet will make people assume you read the WSJ while running your daily 10K before arriving at work at 6am. Sleek, long, thin wallet yet roomy enough to accommodate about 40 thick plastic cards, checkbook, and stretched out cash money plus coins. Our special "divide & conquer" design breaks up your cards into 4 discrete areas so they don't all stagger on one long row leaving huge lumps. Our designed breakup into 4 general areas means there will be very nice symmetry when your cards are in place and the wallet is shut so you'll have an even, flattish plane rather than "staggered bulges" like all those other outdated thick regular wallets. Two discrete billfold sized compartments enable separation between cash, receipts, checkbook, or even differing currencies for travelers. Two ID pockets allow for double identities or that special photo. Both ID pockets feature our easy access thumb-activated hole for quick and easy card in and out. Snaps securely shut, and features an extra-long coin compartment on the outside for easy access. Unisex, and sleek enough for men's or women's jacket pockets, briefcases, laptop bags or switching to and from purses. Magnetic snap for an elegant opening and closing wallet experience. With our non-slip interior coating this bi-fold wallet holds 20-35 thick plastic cards plus your cash and coins. $26.95 \
\
\
Features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 2 general billfold area/checkbook can be stored, but not necessarily dsiplayed\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 8 extra-wide credit card pockets\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 2 extra-wide clear ID/credit card pockets\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 1 sturdy little magnetic snap\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 1 exterior gusseted zippered coin pocket\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 dimensions: 7\'bd" wide x 3\'bd" tall (19.3 cm x 9 cm)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 only 
\fs18 3
\fs24 \uc0\u8260 
\fs18 8
\fs24 " (7mm) thin when closed!\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 washing machine safe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This is an easy buy. It's a no-brainer. Just look at all of the 5 star comments our customers left for us in the feedback section. As we claim, they have confirmed the Executive Checkbook Bifold Wallet, is big on storage and extremely convenient. Jack pockets, small handbags, portfolios-you name it, this wallet can fit in it. The sheer number of credit cards is impressive all on its own, even if you're never going to carry around 40 plastic cards. Our approach with checkbook wallets is all about giving you the option to use your personal wallet in whatever way you want. It's about personalization and the versatility to keep up with different kinds of lifestyles.\
\
Our design and construction processes focus on two things: convenience and quality. We us nylon microfiber to ensure our wallets are thin and durable. We use sturdy zipper closures to ensure your valuables don't escape. We use smart design techniques like folded, glued and stitched seams to fortify the edges against splitting. With Big Skinny, you know you're getting a high quality product that according to our customers is a 5 star buy. Grab your very own stylish Executive Checkbook Bifold Wallet today!}